Again, bringing this back to the art of
war: You know your enemy at this point, which are the threats.
You have a better understanding of yourself.
You know your weaknesses or vulnerabilities,
and you even have plans for fixing them to mitigate the risk,
but that's not where this ends.
Fully preparing for this battle against cyber threats
means you must be prepared to respond when an attack happens.
Breaches, especially at large companies,
can cause significant financial,
reputational, and regulatory consequences,
especially when they're not handled properly.
For example, Uber landed in hot water after responding to
a breach with an alleged cover-up attempt to pay off the attackers.
So not only did it cost them money,
but their reputation took a huge hit as well.
How you respond matters.